The Joe Rogan experience. So one thing that I wanted to bring up,
we talked about before the podcast that I actually read a whole article about,
we were talking about on the podcast,
whether or not Chris Cuomo was really lifting a 100 pound barbell.
Now I had completely forgot.
We even talked about this until I stumbled upon an article online about it.
And in the article, it actually referenced us talking about it on the podcast.
Right. And, uh, apparently wasn't,
they think I'm quite stupid for believing that Chris Cuomo really
had this a 100 pound barbell or dumbbell that he was
lifting. It looked very light. It did look very light, but so my thought was,
how big is Chris Cuomo? So that's a good point.
I thought he was bigger than he is Googled it. Yeah.
He's only 182 pounds, which it says he's
six, two, a hundred eighty two pounds. I don't know if that's accurate.
That's yeah. That's probably 2, 180.
Well, he doesn't.
Be a lean thin guy. He doesn't look that, but anyway,
that makes him 20 pounds lighter than me. Okay.
So very unlikely that he's carrying that Dumbo, right? Like that.
So then I'm like, okay, I got to ask some people who would actually know. So,
um, I sought out some people online and one of them was, uh,
Rob Carney. He's been on the podcast before. He's a world's strongest gay.
Oh yeah. I know that guy. He's awesome. Follow him. Love that dude. And uh,
I think he won recently a pound for pound strong
man title. I believe he's not a big guy. He's a, he's a tank tank,
but he's only about five 10 maybe. Um,
but gorilla strong. So, um,
so he says to me, uh, so I say to him, have you ever seen the thing?
And he says, I just watched a video. I think it's fake. LOL.
He doesn't look to be bracing hard enough for it to be actually a hundred
pounds.
Yeah. It's kind of wishy washy in his seat.
He's a real expert. Right? So he's an actual strong man. So, uh,
I'm pretty convinced. So then I asked Robert Oberst,
who's an all also Robert is enormous.
Absolutely. One of the strongest men in the world,
he's a Goliath sit next to him, 300 plus pounds.
So he says the picture looks possible because his elbows up and stable,
but the video where he's at his desk showing the weight off,
he moves it around, out at an angle.
That would be the smallest head of the top of the bicep, taking all the weight.
And it doesn't even phase him. He said, if it's real,
he's stronger than anyone I've ever seen. Use a dumbbell.
I'd say it's a 40 pound weight with a 100 pounds written on it.
He said, lots of Insta, famous lifters have faked dumbbells and plates.
Ah,
two X tyranny and Robert Oberst both of them call.
So I refer to the, I defer to that. Wow.
It does. When he's sitting in the chair, the desk there, it looks very light.
182 Pounds. And that might not be true. Cause I bet if you Google,
Google what my weight is, they probably don't know what my weight is.
Either a hundred pounds is a lot,
but 182 pounds for a managed six foot two is not a gorilla like Brendan
Shab okay. If Brendan Shaw was doing that, I'd go. I bet he could do that.
Brendan Shaw, Brett Baron and shops 270 pounds, 260 plus pounds.
He's huge. He's huge.
Yeah. But even then, like even seems like, it seems like, it.
Seems like, yeah, I obviously didn't look at it close enough. And I also,
I don't, I'm not a lifter in that sense. Like I don't,
I don't lift heavy weights. Like the heaviest I ever lift is like,
I might squat a couple of hundred pounds for reps,
but most of the I do is kettlebells. Right?
So I'm doing like the heaviest ones I do are like 90 pounds or maybe,
and that's rare.
Usually I'll use like a 70 pound kettlebell or 50 pound kettlebell,
depending upon the exercise. They're not heavy. Right.
I'm doing like a functional movements that use your full body. Right.
So I'm not in that lifting world. But if you wanted to talk to like, um,
you'd have to talk to like the like CT Fletcher.
You'd have to talk to like those powerlifter dudes who really understand those
are the ones that, so.
It's a little uncomfortable that I'm sitting right in front of you.
And I'm not in the list of people that you're asking because on my Peloton,
there are three and a half pound weights that sit on the back of the seat.
And once in a while you have to take those out and curl them sometimes two in
one hand, mind you. And it is quite a workout.
Okay. So he's 200 pounds.
He says he went from 218 pounds to a pretty lean 200 pounds. He cut out,
uh, said he cut out about, cut dairy and bad sugar.
2014 cutback booze. So he's 200 pounds,
his body fat plummeted to 12%. Okay.
So he's dialed in on his stuff though. Right. But he's,
he's taller than me. And he's uh,
he's my weight is not, there's no way he's handling that weight like that.
I can't handle that weight like that. Can we see the video? I'm Jackson.
Oh man. I wish I didn't have my jacket on. I.
Would be showing you what's up. Show me what's up. Roy Jones Jr.
Flexed his arm in that chair. He has two of mine.
Does he really on his left? It's crazy.
The left arm is so much bigger than his right?
Because he's got like probably one of the best left hooks.
Not probably one of the best left hooks, a human beings ever thrown.
So his left bicep is gigantic. It's so much bigger than his right.
He was joking around about it. But when he flexed you're like, Jesus Lord,
just like, uh, alien head in there. Yeah. See there it is.
He does have shoulders.
Yeah. Well that move when he does that.
Well, that's not, that's kind of braced, dad's.
A hundred pounds. That's so heavy. A hundred pounds.
This is, this is where I'm less go back.
That when he's doing the little hammer curls,
this is where I'm less likely to believe this one right here.
When he's doing that. He's not.
Even, there's no strain at all.
In his back. I think it looks too light.
Yeah. It just doesn't look again. I don't know.
This is not my world. I can.
Show you a video of a guy about like the Bradley Martin. I do a of YouTube.
Right? Doing like hundred and 20 pound dumbbells. And he's struggling with those
similar.
He's a giant who is Bradley Martin show Bradley Martin Bradley
Martin takes girls.
He puts like weights on bars and then has girls hanging on the bars and it
presses him. He's enormous. He's a YouTube famous lifter,
but all completely do this. He's he's cleaning and pressing a girl.
But the dude is like,
where's he like 6, 3, 6, 4, 2 70. Oh my goodness.
He's a huge man.
He's he's a huge legitimately huge man.
So he's struggling. There's a video of him on there with a hundred pound dog.
Well, I get my feet wet in that bar, but you know when he's,
when he's doing deadlifts, oh my gosh. Size, this.
So much weight on the bar that.
Look at him and you go, oh, okay. Oh, that.
Real as. Cause people always say, it's fake. Leave the bar, Ben,
this guy doesn't have to fake anything.
Ain't no faking going on right there. That's good.
The way that weight is moving, when you see the size of him too,
he's it all makes sense. But his tricep.
Doesn't wiggle. When he points itself.
[Inaudible].
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.